[Music] I'm calm now I'm leaving calm now I'm leaving calm now I was feeling shy and nervous Well then F you don't even know that we were eating anyone here and I'm leaving calm now we've reached 100k on Twitter
dude I mean I don't know it was like a methyl
there it was like a it was like a pimple
that I had to get out dude Because the
truth is that Twitter has really
screwed me over a certain group of people
when they got it like there
was a person that you already know Who
is the friend the friend of the lerl who
used to report my videos as if they
were private videos videos that she
uploaded on her Instagram I'm going to activate it I just got
tanu Thank you very much man you just
reminded me to activate the notification
okay I don't know how the members are doing let's
see 97 members 97 members while
we've been here the chat very cool very
cool Thank you so much let's see I'm going to
release two more hits I'm going to release two
more hits I know it's very late but with
this I leave  some content for tomorrow because
tomorrow yes yes tomorrow yes yes I
disconnect with my wife okay everything
all day and my head you've already seen
how I am eh I mean my head I
need to disconnect to
focus eh Let's see I want to find out about
something that is about the Anlo issue
when they put up the tweet not about the
Hland awards of Oh should we invite
Anlo or not and it's like dude yeah what about Willy
now I see it too I know it's like dude dumb
theory are you talking to me about nominating
AMLO for the Slam yes literally AMLO
uses his account I mean no he's not a
streamer as such it's not his
personal account to stream tesa but they do
n't accept me like I mean it always
comes out like in process it got bugged
in process the subscriptions thing on
Twitter stayed like in process I don't
know if now when I reach eh I don't know if
now when I reach 100,000 now they will
approve it I don't know but it stayed
like in the approval process and there it
stayed but very crazy eh Very crazy to have
100,000 on Twitter eh Very crazy having
100,000 on Twitter seems like feedback
that pisses you off I mean, it seems to me to have
feedback that pisses you off with your audience
because one thing is that you have visits
that visits come and go are streaks
because in the end we depend a lot on the
topics and even if they follow you maybe
a topic is not interesting but having 100,000
followers on Twitter is feedback
cojonjus anything I put
has a lot of repercussions So
thank you very much to all randoms from the
streaming world ambl exposes
grefi to the eslan saying that they
brushed him off and to revalidate
the statistics have been given in which he is
evidently first in
Latin America at the esl 2024 awards
those PR those awards caught me off
guard these awards are highly
recognized by streamers
Ah in this age of the internet you
expected that both you and the
morning would have this penetration on
YouTube on Facebook and now on tiktok
Toc Well the truth is this is eh Very
satisfactory no no I  I can believe it,
eh, it's a circular dialogue, it has been
heard by many, look, there are the
awards, many see, the Sprint screen appears,
Mariana guarnizo, Mexicans and
also foreigners, say there is the
result, that is from the young people, but
I was
proposed, it's brutal, eh, buddy,
to be nominated for the awards, they
did a poll
and I lost, I
got it. Well, I saw the one in which we lost
51 to 49, but they
beat us so we wouldn't be nominated,
but it was the poll I'm
talking about. Don't you think we have to nominate
Anlo? Let's see, it's obviously not. I
mean, you're taking away categories, memes, and
categories so I don't do anything stupid. And you're
going to put me on a channel that
streams political stuff, no, I mean, about
your, your country. I mean, it's not a channel, it's not
a typical entertainment channel, it's not
a content creator, it doesn't make
sense, man, it's nonsense on this
page, on this
site, yes, we have first place and they are
young
and they are very bright young people, they like
many, what happens is because all the
Mexicans opposed what's happening with Amlo
?  right-wing or something in my opinion if I
were Spain and San dog came out I'm
100% sure they would let him but
I don't watch it it's a channel it's not a
content channel in the let's see the es of gre
in the end ton queera
evid popula said by himself obviously he got
angry for him it's not an award
what's at stake is very serious
the morning conferences are
very important
because it's
information of interest to a lot of people
anyway and I think gres has responded to
this I wouldn't swear I would swear that I've
smoked it I would swear that he has responded to this
maybe I have smoked it not here one
more day of random news from the
streaming world gref responds
amlo the president of Mexico the
president responded to a question about
the eslan and his non-nomination saying
that they brushed him what is he talking about the pre to the
2024 esl awards those pros those awards
brushed what what what what what what how did they
brush me I'm I'm stunned right
now they brushed me kid me  they
brushed me they brushed me he said they
brushed me the pros are highly recognized
by the streamers Ah in this age of the
internet you expected that both you
brushed me and the morning would have
this penetration on YouTube on Facebook
and now on tiktok Well the truth is this is
very satisfactory well before seeing the
following statements by the president of
Mexico I want to make it very clear because there are
people who have not understood it And
obviously there are people in favor and people
against that the brushing let's
call it that because the PR himself has
called it that way they brushed me the
brushing of e of amlo at the
eslan awards it has been because both
on the part of the community and on the part
of the streamers that is how it has been decided I
say it because there is very very very
clever news that they have said that gref kills the
president of Mexico and me let's see let's see let's see let's
see a second Look at me, I am
a person doing a live stream on his
Setup in a ski suit how come
I killed amlo be careful because you
get me into a piece of  piece of
face to the pargata other headlines have been
something like a kiss Eliza trick at
4:38 in the morning giving away 20 members
but how this encourages me we are talking
that we have been live for 4 and a quarter hours
guys I am killing myself today I am
killing myself today to leave you the content and
the extracts for tomorrow so that the
channel works
eh And content to leave on the other
channels Okay and content So I appreciate it thanks thank you
very much the
Spanish streamers abandon the president of
Mexico and me but what the [ __ ] is going on
I mean let's see let's see
a survey was done on Twitter and it came out that it was
not very even but it came out that
the streamers were not asked and both
Spanish streamers and Argentines
Mexicans Colombians or Latin
Americans said that we are not going to
place ourselves a little because there are people who
try to make news so that people
get angry and this is crazy
ok if the streamers had
decided yes and the community Also
amlo would be in the eslan I have not
removed amlo ok I do the
awards the best I can but  being
such an important decision is for the entire
community I say this because people
want to start a mess with me It's really that
a 60 year old Mexican woman in her house
Lee de greev kills de greev and
brushes off amlo from the eslan And that woman
is capable of coming to my house and saying but
what are you doing kid I mean let's
calm down a little okay let's
understand the situation and what has
happened because really guys sometimes there are
people who make headlines that make me
do four somersaults on the spot Well to
me the truth Rodrigo a kiss I don't know it seems to me
that the president was
a little upset that I brought it up and that he
would have liked to be in the
awards I understand that maybe it was worth it
as a political campaign Maybe or something like that
But it seems fine to me
that it's not there Not for nothing but because this
is a streamer award you know I mean I'm not
going to include it because of how funny the
president is that no [ __ ] Stop the nonsense
if you're going to do the awards do them
well
i